Add scheduler tuning guide. (#106)
cybozu-go/topolvm: deploy/README.md

Then edit `urlPrefix` in [./scheduler-config/scheduler-policy.cfg](./scheduler-config/scheduler-policy.cfg) to specify the LoadBalancer address.

> ### Scoring tuning

Reviewer: I think the object of scoring should be specified.
```suggestion
### How to tune the node scoring
```

> The prioritize of Pod scheduling by `topolvm-scheduler` can be tuned via the following two ways:

Reviewer 2: `s/prioritize/priority/` is better since `prioritize` is verb.

> The prioritize of Pod scheduling by `topolvm-scheduler` can be tuned via the following two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The node scoring for Pod scheduling can be fine-tuned with the following two ways:
```

> 1. Adjust the divisor parameter in the scoring expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Adjust `divisor` parameter of `topolvm-scheduler`
```

> 2. Change the weight for the scoring by `topolvm-scheduler` against the default by kube-scheduler

Reviewer 2: "scoring by `topolvm-scheduler`" seems verbose. I consider "Weight  for the scoring" is enough. This indication applies to the same expressions in the following descriptions.

Author: I think so about the first one, but about the latter one,
>So if you want to give a priority to the scoring by `topolvm-scheduler`,

I think `by topolvm-scheduler` seems to be needed to specify the object.
